Add Link to footer and adds grid of extra resources. (#945)
gravitational/next: pages/ssh/index.mdx

    src="../assets/tutorial.svg"
    smallIcon={true}
    caption="DOCS"
    href="/resources/videos/ssh-industry-best-practice/"
  >
    Industy best practices for securing SSH access.
  </GridDisplay.Tile>
  <GridDisplay.Tile
    cardBG="whitepaper"
    title="SSH Bastion Host Best Practices"
    src="../assets/tech-paper.svg"
    smallIcon={true}
    caption="BLOG"
    href="/blog/security-hardening-ssh-bastion-best-practices/"
  >
    Best pratices for securing SSH bastion hosts.
  </GridDisplay.Tile>
  <GridDisplay.Tile
    cardBG="tutorial"
    title="How to Use Teleport with OpenSSH"
    src="../assets/tutorial.svg"
    smallIcon={true}
    caption="DEMO"
    href="/resources/guides/using-teleport-with-openssh//"
  >
    How to use Teleport with OpenSSH.
  </GridDisplay.Tile>
</GridDisplay>
<EasyStart
  description="Teleport is easy to deploy and use. We believe that simplicity and good user experience are key to first-class security."
  listDescription="Teleport consists of just two binaries."
  listItems={[
    <>The <span style={{color: "#512FC9", fontFamily: "Ubuntu Mono"}}>tsh</span> client allows users to login to retrieve short-lived certificates.</>,

>     <>The <span style={{color: "#512FC9", fontFamily: "Ubuntu Mono"}}>teleport</span> agent can be installed on any server, database, applications and Kubernetes clusters with a single command.</>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <>The <span style={{color: "#512FC9", fontFamily: "Ubuntu Mono"}}>teleport</span> agent can be installed on any server, database, application and Kubernetes cluster with a single command.</>
```
